doc: Documented incompatibility of EgressGW and kvstore (#26139)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/egress-gateway.rst

Incompatibility with other features
-----------------------------------

> * Egress gateway is partially incompatible with L7 policies.
>   Specifically, when an egress gateway policy and an L7 policy both select the same
>   endpoint, traffic from that endpoint does not go through the egress gateway, even if
>   the policy allows it. Full support depends on resolving :gh-issue:`19642`.

Reviewer: Remove bullets
```suggestion
Egress gateway is partially incompatible with L7 policies.
Specifically, when an egress gateway policy and an L7 policy both select the same
endpoint, traffic from that endpoint does not go through the egress gateway, even if
the policy allows it. Full support depends on resolving :gh-issue:`19642`.
```

* Because egress gateway isn't compatible with identity allocation mode ``kvstore``,

>   you need to use Kubernetes as Cilium's identity store (``identityAllocationMode``

Reviewer: I hate to change it because it's such good conversational English, but:
```suggestion
  you must use Kubernetes as Cilium's identity store (``identityAllocationMode``
```

>   set to ``crd``). This is the default for new installations.

Reviewer: Nit for clarity
```suggestion
  set to ``crd``). This is the default setting for new installations.
```

> * Because egress gateway isn't compatible with identity allocation mode ``kvstore``,
>   you must use Kubernetes as Cilium's identity store (``identityAllocationMode``
>   set to ``crd``). This is the default setting for new installations.

Reviewer: Remove bullets
```suggestion
Because egress gateway isn't compatible with identity allocation mode ``kvstore``,
you must use Kubernetes as Cilium's identity store (``identityAllocationMode``
set to ``crd``). This is the default setting for new installations.
```

> * Egress gateway is not supported for IPv6 traffic.

Reviewer: Remove bullets and indentation
```suggestion
Egress gateway is not supported for IPv6 traffic.
```

Incompatibility with other features
-----------------------------------

> * Egress gateway is currently partially incompatible with L7 policies.
>   Specifically, when an egress gateway policy and an L7 policy both select the same
>   endpoint, traffic from that endpoint will not go through egress gateway, even if
>   the policy allows it. Full support will be added in an upcoming release once
>   :gh-issue:`19642` is resolved.

Reviewer: Use present tense and avoid making statements about the future.
```suggestion
* Egress gateway is partially incompatible with L7 policies.
  Specifically, when an egress gateway policy and an L7 policy both select the same
  endpoint, traffic from that endpoint does not go through the egress gateway, even if
  the policy allows it. Full support depends on resolving :gh-issue:`19642`.
```

> * Cilium must be configured to use Kubernetes for identity allocation
>   (``identityAllocationMode`` set to ``crd``) as egress gateway isn't
>   compatible with the ``kvstore`` mode. This is the default for new installations.

Reviewer: Edits for clarity in format "Because `x`, then `y`", use active voice, address the user as "you"

This sentence isn't clear to me; please verify that my revision is correct. 
```suggestion
* Because the default in new Kubernetes installations for identity allocation (``identityAllocationMode`` set to ``crd``) isn't compatible with the ``kvstore`` mode, you must configure Cilium to use Kubernetes for identity allocation as egress gateway .
```

Author: @zacharysarah Thanks a lot for your review and suggestions!

Your second suggestion wasn't entirely correct anymore. Hence, I took your idea of "Because x, then y" and rephrased it once again. What do you think about this version?
